How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    since i'm using windows , i only used FC command.
    my answer would be:
    FC allowed me to see any old block of the old txt file that changed in the new block in the new file
    indicating the lines at which an additonal info is added or a syntax changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?
maybe, the programmer would be interested in getting the old designs of this specific project to use the ideas
in a new project without going into all the details agian!.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

Pros:The automatic saving wouldn't save the desired parts the could evolove a probelm in the future
while in manual saving it's my decision to know weather this part of code is worth of comitting or not
cons:In manual saving you might forget to save or maybe get the power off your PC/Computer which leads to losing
all the recent work you've been going through.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think Git assumes that the files has to be related to be saved as explained in a repasotory git
while google docs doesn't allow that feature(the files are quite unrelated to each other to be saved at once)

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log allows you to see the commited repository with the date at which the commit has occured with the id.
git diff allows you to compare the same file or maybe different files based on the two commited ids of the 
desired files

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?
80% confident
since im not introduced yet to ALL commands and some of them such as git -reset can't be undone 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

i'm a programmer so i need to save my projects without losing older versions
also to track a novel if i decided to be a novel writer :3 